The following open source projects are referenced by Device Service RFID LLRP Go:

BurntSushi/toml (MIT) https://github.com/BurntSushi/toml
https://github.com/BurntSushi/toml/blob/master/COPYING

cenkalti/backoff (MIT) https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff
https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff/blob/master/LICENSE

edsrzf/mmap-go (BSD-3) https://github.com/edsrzf/mmap-go
https://github.com/edsrzf/mmap-go/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/v2/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go/v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go/v2/blob/master/LICENSE

gorilla/mux 1.6.2 (BSD-3) https://github.com/gorilla/mux
https://github.com/gorilla/mux/blob/master/LICENSE

go-kit/kit (MIT) github.com/go-kit/kit
https://github.com/go-kit/kit/blob/master/LICENSE

go-logfmt/logfmt (MIT) https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt
https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt/blob/master/LICENSE

kr/logfmt (MIT) https://github.com/kr/logfmt
https://github.com/kr/logfmt/blob/master/Readme

hashicorp/go-cleanhttp (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-rootcerts (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/go-homedir (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir
https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/mapstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/consulstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/copystructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/reflectwalk (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk
https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/serf (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/serf
https://github.com/hashicorp/serf/blob/master/LICENSE

armon/go-metrics (MIT) https://github.com/armon/go-metrics
https://github.com/armon/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-immutable-radix (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/golang-lru (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru
https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/b (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/b
https://gitlab.com/cznic/b/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/db (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/db
https://gitlab.com/cznic/db/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/file (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/file
https://gitlab.com/cznic/file/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/fileutil (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/fileutil
https://gitlab.com/cznic/fileutil/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/golex (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/golex
https://gitlab.com/cznic/golex/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/internal (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/internal
https://gitlab.com/cznic/internal/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/lldb (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/lldb
https://gitlab.com/cznic/lldb/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/mathutil (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/mathutil
https://gitlab.com/cznic/mathutil/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/ql (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/ql
https://gitlab.com/cznic/ql/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/sortutil (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/sortutil
https://gitlab.com/cznic/sortutil/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/strutil (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/strutil
https://gitlab.com/cznic/strutil/blob/master/LICENSE

modernc.org/zappy (BSD-3) https://godoc.org/modernc.org/zappy
https://gitlab.com/cznic/zappy/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/tree/v2
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v2/LICENSE

google/uuid (BSD-3) https://github.com/google/uuid
https://github.com/google/uuid/blob/master/LICENSE

pelletier/go-toml (MIT) https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml
https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml/blob/master/LICENSE

pkg/errors (BSD-2) https://github.com/pkg/errors
https://github.com/pkg/errors/blob/master/LICENSE

remyoudompheng/bigfft (BSD-3) https://github.com/remyoudompheng/bigfft
https://github.com/remyoudompheng/bigfft/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/sys (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/sys
https://github.com/golang/sys/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash
https://github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash/blob/master/LICENCE

hashicorp/consul/api (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/api
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/v2/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-secret/v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v2/blob/master/LICENSE

fxamacker/cbor (MIT) https://github.com/fxamacker/cbor/v2
https://github.com/fxamacker/cbor/blob/master/LICENSE

x448/float16 (MIT) https://github.com/x448/float16
https://github.com/x448/float16/blob/master/LICENSE

golang/snappy (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/snappy
https://github.com/golang/snappy/blob/master/LICENSE

bertimus9/systemstat (MIT) https://bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat/src/master/
https://bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat/src/master/LICENSE

go-goplayground/locales (MIT) github.com/go-playground/locales
https://github.com/go-playground/locales/blob/master/LICENSE

go-goplayground/universal-translator (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/universal-translator
https://github.com/go-playground/universal-translator/blob/master/LICENSE

go-goplayground/validator (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/validator/v10
https://github.com/go-playground/validator/blob/master/LICENSE

leodido/go-urn (MIT) https://github.com/leodido/go-urn
https://github.com/leodido/go-urn/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-multierror (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror/blob/master/LICENSE

davecgh/go-spew (ISC) https://github.com/davecgh/go-spew
https://github.com/davecgh/go-spew/blob/master/LICENSE

eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang (Eclipse Distribution License) https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang
https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/fatih/color (MIT) https://github.com/fatih/color
https://github.com/fatih/color/blob/master/LICENSE.md

go-redis/redis (BSD-2) https://github.com/go-redis/redis/v7
https://github.com/go-redis/redis/blob/master/LICENSE

gorilla/websocket (BSD-2) https://github.com/gorilla/websocket
https://github.com/gorilla/websocket/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/errwrap (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/errwrap
https://github.com/hashicorp/errwrap/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog (MIT) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mattn/go-colorable (MIT) https://github.com/mattn/go-colorable
https://github.com/mattn/go-colorable/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mattn/go-isatty (MIT) https://github.com/mattn/go-isatty
https://github.com/mattn/go-isatty/blob/master/LICENSE

pebbe/zmq4 (BSD-2) https://github.com/pebbe/zmq4
https://github.com/pebbe/zmq4/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

pmezard/go-difflib (Unspecified) https://github.com/pmezard/go-difflib
https://github.com/pmezard/go-difflib/blob/master/LICENSE

stretchr/testify (MIT) https://github.com/stretchr/testify
https://github.com/stretchr/testify/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/crypto (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/crypto
https://github.com/golang/crypto/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/net (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/net
https://github.com/golang/net/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/text (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/text
https://github.com/golang/text/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml.v3 (MIT) https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v3/LICENSE